gh-120937: Reference weakref from the __del__ documentation (#120940)
python/cpython: Doc/reference/datamodel.rst

   It is not guaranteed that :meth:`__del__` methods are called for objects
   that still exist when the interpreter exits.

>    :class:`~weakref.finalize` provides a straight forward way to register

Reviewer: Show the full `weakref.finalize` or just `finalize`? 
```suggestion
   :class:`weakref.finalize` provides a straightforward way to register
```

Author: I have no strong opinion on that, I am happy either way ! :-)
